# Super-Store-Tableau-
Case1: While working as an analyst for a superstore, it has been analyzed that many customers feedbacks are not satisfactory regarding the delivery of product. Customers complaints and feedback leads to check the delivery status of products. So,following insights needs to be checked regarding the problem. (10marks)TASK: Give recommendations (In Yes/No, If Yes then mention the observatory parameters for it.) iAre customers getting their products delivered in the same mode as they have selected? iiAre customers priority is being in taken care? iiiHow many times customer faced problem during product delivery? ivDo late delivery leadto returning of the product? vDoesdelivery to some define regions or state have delivery problems? Case2: Every Company wants to increase their sales and accordingly they plan their strategies of giving discounts and earning no. of users. (10 marks)TASK: Give recommendations (In Yes/No, If Yes then mention the observatory parameters for it.) iMore Discounts more Sales. iiMore Discounts more Profit. iiiEarly Delivery more Sales ivMore Products more Sales vBigger Market more Sales Case3: Consider  you  are  an  analyst  your  client  holds  a  superstore  that  is  4  years  old  store  and  have branches in different part of the world. Your client wants to earn more profit and wants to expand the business geographically for next 2 years. (10marks)TASK: Provide  clear  picture  to  your  client  that  in  which  part  of  globe  he  should  invest  to  earn  more profit.
